Add docs for integrating Blobstream (#1152)
celestiaorg/docs: docs/developers/blobstream-contracts.md

import "blobstream-contracts/DataRootTuple.sol";
import "blobstream-contracts/lib/tree/binary/BinaryMerkleProof.sol";

contract MyRollup {
    IDAOracle immutable blobstream;
    bytes32[] public rollup_block_hashes;

    constructor(IDAOracle _blobstream) {
        blobstream = _blobstream;
    }

    function submitRollupBlock(
        bytes32 _rollup_block_hash,
        bytes calldata _zk_proof,
        uint256 _blobstream_nonce,
        DataRootTuple calldata _tuple,
        BinaryMerkleProof calldata _proof
    ) public {
        // Verify that the data root tuple (analog. block header) has been
        // attested to by the Blobstream contract.
        require(
            blobstream.verifyAttestation(_blobstream_nonce, _tuple, _proof)
        );

        // Verify the ZKP.
        // _tuple.dataRoot is a private input, leaves are public inputs.
        require(verifyZKP(_zk_proof, _tuple.dataRoot));

        // Everything checks out, append rollup block hash to list.
        rollup_block_hashes.push(_rollup_block_hash);
    }

    function verifyZKP(
        bytes calldata _zk_proof,
        bytes32 _data_root
    ) private pure returns (bool) {
        return true;

>     }

Reviewer: Is  this supposed to make a call to Blobstream X?

Author: No, it's just a simple ZK rollup.

}
```

## Data Structures

Each `DataRootTuple` is a tuple of block height and data root. It is analogous
to a Celestia block header. `DataRootTuple`s are relayed in batches, committed

> to as a `DataRootTuple`s root (i.e. a Merkle root of `DataRootTuple`s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to as a `DataRootTupleRoot` (i.e. a Merkle root of `DataRootTuple`s).
```

Author: I considered that originally, but `DataRootTupleRoot` isn't a type, it's a variable name!

The `BinaryMerkleProof` is an [RFC-6962](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6962.html)-compliant
Merkle proof. Since `DataRootTuple`s are Merkleized in a binary Merkle tree,

> verifying the inclusion of a `DataRootTuple` against a `DataRootTuple`s root

Reviewer: I guess it's better to call it by its name: 

```suggestion
verifying the inclusion of a `DataRootTuple` against a `DataRootTupleRoot` 
```

requires verifying a Merkle inclusion proof.

## Interface

The `IDAOracle` (**D**ata **A**vailability **O**racle Interface) interface
allows L2 contracts on Ethereum to query the Blobstream contract for relayed
`DataRootTuple`s. The single interface method `verifyAttestation` verifies a
Merkle inclusion proof that a `DataRootTuple` is included under a specific
batch (indexed by batch nonce). In other words, analogously it verifies that a
specific block header is included in the canonical Celestia chain.

## Verifying Data Inclusion for Fraud Proofs

A high-level overview of how a fraud-proof based L2 would interact with

> Blobstream can be found [here](https://github.com/celestiaorg/blobstream-contracts/blob/master/docs/inclusion-proofs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blobstream can be found in the [inclusion proofs documentation](https://github.com/celestiaorg/blobstream-contracts/blob/master/docs/inclusion-proofs.md).
```

The `DAVerifier` library is available at `blobstream-contracts/lib/verifier/DAVerifier.sol`,
and provides functions to verify the inclusion of individual (or multiple)

> shares against a `DataRootTuple`. The library is stateless, and assumes the
> `DataRootTuple` was previously verified as included through the Blobstream
> contract's `verifyAttestation` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shares against a `DataRootTupleRoot`. The library is stateless, and allows to pass an
`IDAOracle` interface as a parameter to verify inclusion against it.
```

Reviewer 2: 93bfcedd2ecb0feab55b6b2aa637aa7ef03e231a

that a `DataRootTuple` is included under a specific batch (indexed by batch
nonce). In other words, analogously it verifies that a specific block header is
included in the canonical Celestia chain.

## Verifying data inclusion for fraud proofs

A high-level overview of how a fraud-proof based L2 would interact with
Blobstream can be found in the [inclusion proofs documentation](https://github.com/celestiaorg/blobstream-contracts/blob/master/docs/inclusion-proofs.md).

The [`DAVerifier`](https://github.com/celestiaorg/blobstream-contracts/blob/master/src/lib/verifier/DAVerifier.sol)
library is available at `blobstream-contracts/lib/verifier/DAVerifier.sol`, and
provides functions to verify the inclusion of individual (or multiple) shares
against a `DataRootTuple`. The library is stateless, and assumes the
`DataRootTuple` was previously verified as included through the Blobstream
contract's `verifyAttestation` method.

In the `DAVerifier` library, we find functions that help
with data inclusion verification and calculating the square size of a
Celestia block. These functions work with the Blobstream smart contract,

> using different proofs to check and confirm the data's validity. Let's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using different proofs to check and confirm the data's validity. Let's
```
*validity* or *availability* ? we only prove that the data was posted, parsing the data and making sure it's valid is rollup specific, no?

Reviewer 2: yes! updated this in 5f23d0011c798e3ac37f3b1e6deb3f3732ebef67
